smartNormalx2 is the code for generating gaussian results but for one feature only. You can only generate results for one feature at a time.
To use it. 

smartNormalx2 plots the posterior probability + classification error for feature chosen using gaussian equation.
Type smartNormax2('setosa.txt','versicolor2.text',1) to use change 1 with 2, 3, 4 for other features.

multix is the original code for running multivariate gaussian fucntion
multix2 is just the same code docuented.

multix calculates the values of accuracies for all feature combinations that are multivariate. For your convenience a results file is added, so you don't have for all the results to generate. Please refer to results1b.mat

To run the code please type  [Ex1,Ev1]=multix('setosa.txt','versicolor.txt')

setosa.txt and versicolor.txt contain the features and the classes of iris classes being tested.

Extra 3d feature plots for the assignment of the gaussian of the features and g border equations respectively. The naming is as follows gaussian functions are coded for with N while the borderline functions are coded for with g. The numbers 12, 23 represent the features.

smartNormalx2documented is the documented version of smartNormalx. 

Document-Assignment1b-Nermeen-PatternRecognition.rtf is the original file that was saved this morning as soon as the results for the four features were obtained
Document-Assignment1b-Nermeen-PatternRecognition-PlusPlots.rtf is the same file with 3d plots for your convencience.

%%%%%%%%%%%%
The section below is not an assignment explanation but a petition. Please refer to attachments for assignment submission.
Please consider the assignment only 1 day late, If it can be considered two days late please at least go easy on the penalty (for the entire class) 
Please consider the following points written in details petition1b.rtf:

1-The main code and document were finished before 12 pm (*Check date on multix.m*) 

2-When calculating accuracy of four features, I had to wait for the result which when the code was run at 11:00 pm took till 2:30 am to generate due to the g function being 72.^4 huge. (*Check date on results1b.mat and the corresponding size*).

3-Springer paper sumbission, and computer vision deadlines were very close to this assignment's submission date.
